this is gonna be the elevator and the
kena stone heart medical building at
kena stone hospital and Marietta got two
different elevators got a hospital size
one and a single-speed one
one should be coming
looks like series fine
notice it's pretty quiet in this
building
and they got the hospital sized form
Booga has a rear door and go to 3 and 3
mark that's what she what you go to the
sophomore
Turkey
just your basic Hospital signs double
beer carpeted floor is your fixtures
about that
it's a parking counterweighted door
let's watch it
it's nestled down to pee we'll get the
other elevator there is that one
her office one's working
now here come
get a sandwich
this one's coming back guys work I'm
just gonna go ahead and end it and that
being said once that lights up that will
be it